Add exception to value alias on ExceptionInfo (#5541)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/5541.feature.rst

> Add '.exception' attribute as an alias for '.value' to facilitate porting tests written using unittest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add ``.exception`` attribute as an alias for ``.value`` to facilitate porting tests written using unittest.
```

> Add ``.exception`` attribute as an alias for ``.value`` to facilitate porting tests written using unittest.

Reviewer: This should be updated to mention the `warning` attribute of `pytest.warns`

Reviewer: Oh this should also be `5541.improvement.rst` now.
